hi guys I have a Trader Joe's grocery
haul for the week
I just went to Trader Joe's but I do
need to pick up a couple thing that
Meijer that they didn't have at Trader
Joe's so let me go ahead and show you
what I got I got some romaine hearts I'm
going to make Caesar salad again because
I still have the dressing and my guys
love Caesar salad so let's grab that and
then I got two bags of pears they are
two pounds each tonight
they didn't have the stuff that I was
going to need to make dinner tonight so
I had to really think really quickly I
mean the stores did B of course so grab
those I got some basil
josh is walking by I have two pineapples
they look pretty good they're pretty
yellow
so hey honey
I got a Organic English cucumber for
salad - avocados I have been making just
like a really quick block emolia I don't
even know it's just so simple and then
spreading it on corn tortillas and then
adding some chopped tomato and more
cilantro for a lunch and they are so
good so I grabbed one I usually get one
that's really ripe and one that needs to
ripen just so they don't go bad I'm the
only one that will eat those I got more
teeny tiny potatoes we're going to have
those with dinner tonight
I got I don't know how many apples the
grams are organic as well I got three
big bunches of bananas for smoothies and
I might use them for baking I've been
trying to do a little more food prep you
know kind of things I got some cinnamon
we were out that noise is the geese
sound sorry we have the patio door open
it's super windy and our grill cover
blew
so if you hear a honky it's just the
geese I got some maple syrup see
everything over there I'm getting
distracted that's my family walking
around I got some organic sugar I've
been using this in place of brown sugar
for my granola bars John uses it and it
has coffee and I use it if I make a
sauce or something for dinners as you
guys know I try to avoid sugar myself
it's not as sweet as regular sugar but
seems to be a little bit better for you
so I'm gonna use them out a little bit
more I got that's what lentils I was
going to do my lentil taco that's what I
was going to have for dinner but they
didn't have taco shells and I was like
one of the main things I needed
obviously so we're having something
different I'll just wear these in the
pantry
I got a three half gallons of vanilla
almond milk
this is unsweetened but they didn't have
the original unsweetened so it'll just
have a vanilla flavor I don't think I've
tried this one yet but we did see that
for my guys use it for cereal I use it
for coffee and smoothies so it should be
fine I got chicken thighs I did an
Instagram post a while ago with my baked
chicken thighs with the spinach and
basil pesto but it didn't end up in a
Westford in our video put the B just
move so anyway that's what I'm making
tonight it was so good so you'll see it
I know what's for dinner and I'll try to
let you know how I bake the chicken I
grab some pasta I don't have plans for
these two this week for the menu or
anything but I just like to keep them on
hand because sometimes I switch around
what we're going to make so I got some
brown rice
I use these almost every day and made
smoothies and a few you have asked for
food electric you can I did a video a
while ago it wasn't too long ago with
three smoothie recipes with almond milk
so I will link that below as well
one of them is with the green things and
I say this every time but these are so
good and smoothies I love them I got
diced and fire-roasted tomatoes for the
Santa Fe chicken over brown rice that I
make in the slow cooker but I'm just
going to make it without chicken which
how to do chicken like once or twice a
week and then pretty much meatless the
rest of the time and then we just went
out to eat last night to yourself you
know I got strawberry preserves for my
guys this is so good I try not to eat
this anymore because it has sugar and
sugar makes my allergies really bad
so I've done videos and talked about
that before but my guys you know made it
yeah LT you got a dozen eggs we were out
and I need one for sure with when I do
my spinach Lavanya lat rule ups and I
need one egg and I might use them to
make breakfast or something I got some
olive oil you got four more boxes of
their organic Sheldon white cheddar my
guys here on the weekend stuff like that
I got some popcorn and corn kernels um I
made popcorn a little while but I wanted
some so I got that I got some organic
white cheese for this finish lasagna
roll-ups some Parmesan cheese
I bought a wedge Parmesan cheese last
week and my son Christian loved it so we
are already out I did use some for a
couple of dinners I did um Caesar salad
but he ran out of the hole by junkie so
I had to get four I got mozzarella
cheese for this finish lasagna roll-ups
and then for snacks
I grabbed the dry roasted unsalted
almonds I got these a couple weeks ago I
think or maybe it was last week um you
guys have been getting into those to you
and I still have some left but grab
these these are good and they're just
there are no there's no salsa or
anything at it I got some more raisins
they're a lot cheaper at Aldi but I
didn't want to have to go to cheese
storage and these are ones I'm 50% less
salted and roasted and then you got two
bags and venue chip pepper rich so that
is everything I hope you enjoyed the
hall thank you very much for watching